Did I say let him go?
What do you mean?
You wasted a lot of my time just now
To compensate me
I'm going to do your daughter in front of my father
Hahaha stop
How can you let him go?
Weren't you busy just now?
Are you bowing your head now?
Don't move, stinky girls
I heard that the Qi army was invincible in the past
And each one has more backbone than the other.
I would rather die standing than live on my knees
I today
I want you to kneel down in front of me
kowtow
Haha, don't touch him.
Is it expensive?
I can't kneel
Just kneel on one leg
Your consciousness is not high, is it?
I can't kneel
Qi Jiajun kneels to the sky and kneels to his parents
Can't belong to a scumbag like you
Break a hundred miles
Never embarrass Qi Jiajun
Oh, dear.
Li Aniu, you will go to hell
Stinky woman thinks you're dead
I'll let them go
I'm going to die.